So welcome to the start of this advanced track. You'll remember from the course outline, we get three
tracks in this course and this is the first module which belongs to the so-called advanced track, which
really just means it's an entry point
in case you skipped the last module or modules and that's also important,
if you didn't skip these modules, you can skip this video,
you can stop here and continue with the rest of the module of course.
So what is our current state,
what did we do so far? Attached to this video, you find the project, the course project in its latest version,
so how we built it, what we added up to this point. We're building this example fictional web hosting
company's page from a design or from a CSS styling perspective only
and this is what we got.
We got our starting page, the packages page is working, customers and start hosting is not working yet,
we'll add this throughout the course later and in later modules and in this module, we'll work on this background image,
on images in general to be precise.
Now here's the code for that,
this is what you find attached. As you can see, we got this
index.html file which holds the HTML code of our starting page, we use a bunch of classes and
ID selectors in there,
we use the selectors to be precise in the main.css and shared.css files, shared.css contains the
code for our header for example and for our footer,
so for things we share amongst our different pages, the packages page is the only other page we've got thus
far
but here we also import the shared file as you can see.
And then we get the page specific CSS files,
packages.css for the packages page, main.css for our main home page here and
there, we have a bunch of CSS declarations and rules which turn our HTML code into
this page here and definitely feel free to go through all that code to totally understand what's going
on.
We also got that image which we're using and that images folder which holds the general background of
our plans
we got on that second page here.
So this is everything we get up to this point,
again dive into the code, explore it so that we're all on the same page
and with that, let's dive into this module on backgrounds and images.